Hello! Hello! Hello! My name is Hana Lee Todhunter! I am a junior at [Christopher Newport University](www.cnu.edu)  majoring in Communication with minors in Theater and Digital Humanities. Although I was born in **Hana**u, Germany (which is where I got my name: _Hana_ from **_Hana**u_!) Yorktown, Virginia is my home. My family moved here over 18 years ago so this area is all I’ve ever known. Since I live 20 minutes from school, I commute to campus which is what my parents did when they went here waaaaay back in the 80s when CNU was still a college. 
I recently started interning with [Virginia Creative Group](https://virginiacreativegroup.com/) where I help with marketing for medical practices. Hopefully I will be able to work for this company full-time for a few years after I graduate. Eventually I would like to be a flight attendant for American Airlines and later a real estate agent. The spontaneous adventures that the career as a flight attendant would offer excite me as I love traveling and there are so many places in the world I hope to visit.  I also enjoy looking at houses and watching any HGTV real estate shows. I am a people person (which is why I chose to be a Communication major) so I’d like to think that I’d be suitable for either job.
Social media and technology are going to play a big role in the future, so I think the skills I will learn from this class and minor would be helpful to have even though I do not see myself in a career that would involve social media or technology. Although I would not describe myself as “tech-savvy,” I am a part of the generation that grew up with social media and the internet so I can say that I at least know a thing or two when it comes to these topics...but there’s always room for improvement and I look forward to seeing what else I can learn in the Digital Humanities field. However, at the end of the day I would much rather hang out and make memories with those I love face-to-face than sit in front of a computer screen. 
I enjoy theater as I have participated in various plays and musicals throughout middle and high school. I think it would be fun to continue to audition for theatrical gigs in the community sometime in the future. Currently, I am involved in a co-ed service fraternity, [Alpha Phi Omega](https://apo.org/). The people I have met in APO are truly welcoming, kind, and are passionate about helping the community which is what encouraged me to join. I am also involved in a school ministry known as [Christian Students Fellowship](https://www.instagram.com/csfcnu/?hl=en). We have weekly Bible studies and almost every Sunday we have Family Gathering where we eat dinner and play games. Lastly, I work in the school mailroom which is surprisingly a humorous yet entertaining experience as I have witnessed very strange packages shipped to our school. (One time someone picked up a simple PB&J sandwich in a plastic bag!) 
If you see me on campus, feel free to say hi! And if not, no worries. You’ll be guaranteed to hear me shouting your name from across the Great Lawn regardless of how far away you are! 
